readme.md, before:

# Auto Number Headings
Use Google Apps Script to Auto Number Headings in a Google Document.

This script¹ lets you easily add or remove numbers to your Google Document Headings and also get them in plain text.

![before-after](2023-06-09-17-36-41.png)

## Features
**Current functionalities are:**

- Menu and Addon UIs.
- Add Headings Numbers
- Remove Heading Numbers
- Promote Headings (H1➙Title ... H6➙H5)
- Demote Headings (Title➙Title, H1➙H2 ... H6➙Normal)
- Output processed Headings as text only
- Add/Remove and Promote/Demote only some heading levels (1-6)
- Restart numbering when a Title paragraph occurs

## How to use
After you [install the script](#how-to-install), the easiest way to Add/Remove is through the **Lord of The Rings shortcut** `Alt+/` that opens the Help menu with the cursor focused on the find shortcut field. From there you just need to type `head` to get the basic features:

![shortcut](2023-06-11-17-38-33.png)

Or you can use mouse:

![menu](2023-06-11-17-58-02.png)

Or you can use the Addon sidebar, which also lets you access the 'interactive' version and outputs the plain text headings:

![addon](2024-08-14-19-11-00.png)

## Bugs or missing features?
Feel free to add issues or send pull requests! 😉

## How to install

Note: You'll only need the files `autonumber.gs` and `sidebar.html`. The `code.gs` is here only for historic reasons.

1. Open your document
2. Extensions > Apps Script
3. Give the project a name and save (this name is how it will appear on the Addons submenu)
4. Paste the code from the `autonumber.gs` file over whatever code your file has
5. Click the ➕ sign and create a HTML file named `sidebar`
6. Paste the code from the `sidebar.html` file over the default file content
7. Change back to the `autonumber.gs` file 
8. Click on the **Run** button on the menu bar to execute the **onOpen** function and authorize the script for the first time
9. Change to your Document and reload it.

If all went well you'll see a **Heading Tools** menu and also the entry in the **Extensions** menu.

¹ Modified version of [this script](http://pro-web.at/archives/auto-numbering-your-google-docs-headings).

Commit message:

New menu options and updated images.

readme.md, after:

# Auto Number Headings

Use Google Apps Script to Auto Number Headings in a Google Document.

This script¹ lets you easily add or remove numbers to your Google Document Headings and also get them in plain text.

![before-after](2024-08-21-20-12-26.png)

## Features

**Current functionalities are:**

- Menu and Addon UIs.
- Add Headings Numbers
- Remove Heading Numbers
- Promote Headings (H1➙Title ... H6➙H5)
- Demote Headings (Title➙Title, H1➙H2 ... H6➙Normal)
- Outputs processed Headings as plain text
- Option to Add/Remove and Promote/Demote only some heading levels (1-6)
- Option to restart numbering when a Title paragraph occurs

Check the [How to install](#how-to-install) if you like it!

## How to use

💡 The easiest way to use it is through the **Lord of The Rings shortcut** `Alt+/` that opens the Help menu with the cursor focused on the find shortcut field.

From there you just need to type `head` to get the basic features:

![shortcut](2024-08-21-20-46-33.png)

Or you can use your mouse:

![menu](2024-08-21-20-28-02.png)

Or you can use the "Open sidebar" function to access the interactive version, which lets you change options and also outputs the plain text headings:

![addon](2024-08-14-19-11-00.png)

## Bugs or missing features?

Feel free to add issues or send pull requests! 😉

If you do send pull requests please make sure to use the [autoNumberHeadings
oficial Test Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gS0ftbeXPRTv2kaY5V-LmCQy1rgAOJEzgsG-9HWmBBE/edit) to create updated images.

## How to install

Note: You'll only need the files `autonumber.gs` and `sidebar.html`. The `code.gs` is here only for historic reasons.

1. Open your document
2. Extensions > Apps Script
3. Give the project a name and save (this name is how it will appear on the Addons submenu)
4. Paste the code from the `autonumber.gs` file over whatever code your file has
5. Click the ➕ sign and create a HTML file named `sidebar`
6. Paste the code from the `sidebar.html` file over the default file content
7. Change back to the `autonumber.gs` file
8. Click on the **Run** button on the menu bar to execute the **onOpen** function and authorize the script for the first time
9. Change to your Document and reload it.

If all went well you'll see a **Heading Tools** menu and also the entry in the **Extensions** menu.

¹ Modified version of [this script](http://pro-web.at/archives/auto-numbering-your-google-docs-headings).
